must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN), which Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a may be your social security number (SSN), individual taxpayer foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person (under identification number (ITIN), adoption taxpayer identification number Regulations section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv) or other applicable section for (ATIN), or employer identification number (EIN), to report on an chapter 3 or 4 purposes), do not use Form W-9. Instead, use the information return the amount paid to you, or other amount reportable appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see Pub. 515). If you are a on an information return. Examples of information returns include, but qualified foreign pension fund under Regulations section 1.897(l)-1(d), or are not limited to, the following. a partnership that is wholly owned by qualified foreign pension funds, • Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid). that is treated as a non-foreign person for purposes of section 1445 withholding, do not use Form W-9. Instead, use Form W-8EXP (or other • Form 1099-DIV (dividends, including those from stocks or mutual certification of non-foreign status). funds). Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a • Form 1099-MISC (various types of income, prizes, awards, or gross nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce proceeds). or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax • Form 1099-NEC (nonemployee compensation). treaties contain a provision known as a saving clause. Exceptions • Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to transactions by brokers). continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. • Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions). If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception • Form 1099-K (merchant card and third-party network transactions). contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption • Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement and 1098-T (tuition). to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. • Form 1099-C (canceled debt). 1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under • Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property). which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien.

Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 2. The treaty article addressing the income. alien), to provide your correct TIN. 3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the Caution: If you don’t return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you saving clause and its exceptions. might be subject to backup withholding. See What is backup 4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption withholding , later. from tax. By signing the filled-out form , you: 5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a the treaty article. number to be issued); Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding; or exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if their stay in the payee; and United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of the 4. Certify to your non-foreign status for purposes of withholding under first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows the chapter 3 or 4 of the Code (if applicable); and provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 5. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting is correct. See What Is student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first FATCA Reporting , later, for further information. Protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax on their scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form W-9 a Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other statement that includes the information described above to support that than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester’s form if exemption. it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. considered a U.S. person if you are: • An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; Backup Withholding

- A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 24% of such • An estate (other than a foreign estate); or payments. This is called “backup withholding.” Payments that may be subject to backup withholding include, but are not limited to, interest, • A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). tax-exempt interest, dividends, broker and barter exchange Establishing U.S. status for purposes of chapter 3 and chapter 4 transactions, rents, royalties, nonemployee pay, payments made in withholding. Payments made to foreign persons, including certain settlement of payment card and third-party network transactions, and distributions, allocations of income, or transfers of sales proceeds, may certain payments from fishing boat operators. Real estate transactions be subject to withholding under chapter 3 or chapter 4 of the Code are not subject to backup withholding. (sections 1441–1474). Under those rules, if a Form W-9 or other You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you receive certification of non-foreign status has not been received, a withholding if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper certifications, agent, transferee, or partnership (payor) generally applies presumption and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your tax return. rules that may require the payor to withhold applicable tax from the recipient, owner, transferor, or partner (payee). See Pub. 515, Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Entities. 1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester; The following persons must provide Form W-9 to the payor for 2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for purposes of establishing its non-foreign status. Part II for details); • In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN; of the disregarded entity and not the disregarded entity. 4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding • In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner, because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and return (for reportable interest and dividends only); or not the grantor trust. 5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to • In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust), the U.S. trust backup withholding, as described in item 4 under “ By signing the filled- and not the beneficiaries of the trust. out form ” above (for reportable interest and dividend accounts opened See Pub. 515 for more information on providing a Form W-9 or a after 1983 only). certification of non-foreign status to avoid withholding.

| Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. | example, if a foreign LLC that is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Requester of Form W-9 for more information.                     | owner’s name is required to be provided on line 1. If the direct owner of  |

See also Establishing U.S. status for purposes of chapter 3 and the entity is also a disregarded entity, enter the first owner that is not

chapter 4 withholding , earlier. disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the disregarded entity’s name on line 2. If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form

## What Is FATCA Reporting?

W-9. This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a participating foreign financial institution to report all U.S. account

### Line 2

holders that are specified U.S. persons. Certain payees are exempt from If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA reporting code , later, and entity name, enter it on line 2. the Instructions for the Requester of Form W-9 for more information.

### Line 3a

## Updating Your Information Check the appropriate box on line 3a for the U.S. federal tax You must provide updated information to any person to whom you classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee one box on line 3a. and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this person. For example, you may need to provide updated information if IF the entity/individual on line 1 THEN check the box for . . .

you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you are is a(n) . . .

no longer tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if • Corporation Corporation. the name or TIN changes for the account, for example, if the grantor of a • Individual or Individual/sole proprietor. grantor trust dies. • Sole proprietorship

## Penalties • LLC classified as a partnership Limited liability company and Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a for U.S. federal tax purposes or enter the appropriate tax requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure • LLC that has filed Form 8832 or classification: unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 2553 electing to be taxed as a P = Partnership,

Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. If you corporation C = C corporation, or

make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no S = S corporation.

backup withholding, you are subject to a $500 penalty. • Partnership Partnership. Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying • Trust/estate Trust/estate. certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. Line 3b

Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of Check this box if you are a partnership (including an LLC classified as a federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes), trust, or estate that has any foreign partners, owners, or beneficiaries, and you are providing this

# Specific Instructions form to a partnership, trust, or estate, in which you have an ownership interest. You must check the box on line 3b if you receive a Form W-8

### Line 1 (or documentary evidence) from any partner, owner, or beneficiary establishing foreign status or if you receive a Form W-9 from any You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line partner, owner, or beneficiary that has checked the box on line 3b. blank. The name should match the name on your tax return. Note: A partnership that provides a Form W-9 and checks box 3b may If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account be required to complete Schedules K-2 and K-3 (Form 1065). For more maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then information, see the Partnership Instructions for Schedules K-2 and K-3 circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in (Form 1065). Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must If you are required to complete line 3b but fail to do so, you may not

provide a Form W-9. receive the information necessary to file a correct information return with the IRS or furnish a correct payee statement to your partners or • Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If you beneficiaries. See, for example, sections 6698, 6722, and 6724 for have changed your last name without informing the Social Security penalties that may apply. Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. Line 4 Exemptions

Note for ITIN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, on your Form W-7 application, line 1a. This should also be the same as enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to the name you entered on the Form 1040 you filed with your application. you. • Sole proprietor. Enter your individual name as shown on your Form Exempt payee code. 1040 on line 1. Enter your business, trade, or “doing business as” (DBA) • Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from name on line 2. backup withholding. • Partnership, C corporation, S corporation, or LLC, other than a • Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup disregarded entity. Enter the entity’s name as shown on the entity’s tax withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. • Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments • Other entities. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal tax made in settlement of payment card or third-party network transactions. documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the charter or other legal document creating the entity. Enter any business, • Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to trade, or DBA name on line 2. attorneys’ fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect • Disregarded entity. In general, a business entity that has a single to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. owner, including an LLC, and is not a corporation, is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner (a disregarded entity). See Regulations The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup section 301.7701-2(c)(2). A disregarded entity should check the withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space on line 4. appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. Enter the owner’s 1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), any IRA, or name on line 1. The name of the owner entered on line 1 should never a custodial account under section 403(b)(7) if the account satisfies the be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the name shown requirements of section 401(f)(2). on the income tax return on which the income should be reported. For

| 2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities.       | F—A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or territory, | instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, |
| or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities.           | and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United    |
| or instrumentalities.                                                  | G—A real estate investment trust.                                       |

| 5—A corporation.                                                    | H—A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the | Company Act of 1940.                                             |
| territory.                                                          | I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a).              |

| 7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity     | J—A bank as defined in section 581.                                 |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Futures Trading Commission.                                       | K—A broker.                                                         |
| 8—A real estate investment trust.                                 | L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section |
| 9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the | 4947(a)(1).                                                         |
| Investment Company Act of 1940.                                   | M—A tax-exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g)  |
| 10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a).   | plan.                                                               |

11—A financial institution as defined under section 581. Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or code should be completed. custodian. 13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section

### Line 5

4947. Enter your address (number, street, and apartment or suite number). The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on above, 1 through 13. file, enter “NEW” at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your IF the payment is for . . . THEN the payment is exempt address in their records. for . . .

### Line 6

- Interest and dividend payments All exempt payees except for 7. Enter your city, state, and ZIP code.

- Broker transactions Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 through 11 and all C corporations.

## Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)

S corporations must not enter an Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and exempt payee code because they you do not have, and are not eligible to get, an SSN, your TIN is your are exempt only for sales of IRS ITIN. Enter it in the entry space for the Social security number. If you noncovered securities acquired do not have an ITIN, see How to get a TIN below. prior to 2012. If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either • Barter exchange transactions Exempt payees 1 through 4. your SSN or EIN. and patronage dividends If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity • Payments over $600 required to Generally, exempt payees separate from its owner, enter the owner’s SSN (or EIN, if the owner has be reported and direct sales over 1 through 5. one). If the LLC is classified as a corporation or partnership, enter the $5,000 entity’s EIN.

- Payments made in settlement of Exempt payees 1 through 4. Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester , later, for payment card or third-party further clarification of name and TIN combinations. network transactions How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Information, and its instructions. Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at However, the following payments made to a corporation and www.SSA.gov . You may also get this form by calling 800-772-1213. Use reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup Form W-7, Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys’ fees, gross Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 6045(f), and Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/EIN . Go to Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify www.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form W-7 and/or Form payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes SS-4. Or, you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to place an order and apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside have Form W-7 and/or Form SS-4 mailed to you within 15 business of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if days. you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person for a TIN and enter “Applied For” in the space for the TIN, sign and date requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with “Not Applicable” (or instruments, you will generally have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to any similar indication) entered on the line for a FATCA exemption code. the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(a)(37). You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until you provide your TIN to the requester. B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities. Note: Entering “Applied For” means that you have already applied for a C—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. See also Establishing U.S. territory, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities. status for purposes of chapter 3 and chapter 4 withholding , earlier, for D—A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or when you may instead be subject to withholding under chapter 3 or 4 of more established securities markets, as described in Regulations the Code. section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i). Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated the appropriate Form W-8. group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i).

## Part II. Certification For this type of account: Give name and EIN of:

To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 8. Disregarded entity not owned by an The owner

resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the individual

withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 9. A valid trust, estate, or pension trust Legal entity

For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 10. Corporation or LLC electing corporate The corporation should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the status on Form 8832 or Form 2553

person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exempt payee 11. Association, club, religious, charitable, The organization code , earlier. educational, or other tax-exempt organization Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in items 1 through 5 below. 12. Partnership or multi-member LLC The partnership

1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened 13. A broker or registered nominee The broker or nominee

before 1984 and broker accounts considered active during 1983. 14. Account with the Department of The public entity You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the Agriculture in the name of a public certification. entity (such as a state or local government, school district, or prison) 2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts that receives agricultural program opened after 1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during payments 1983. You must sign the certification or backup withholding will apply. If 15. Grantor trust filing Form 1041 or The trust you are subject to backup withholding and you are merely providing under the Optional Filing Method 2, your correct TIN to the requester, you must cross out item 2 in the requiring Form 1099 (see Regulations certification before signing the form. section 1.671-4(b)(2)(i)(B))**

3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. cross out item 2 of the certification. If only one person on a joint account has an SSN, that person’s number 4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN, but you do not must be furnished. have to sign the certification unless you have been notified that you have previously given an incorrect TIN. “Other payments” include Circle the minor’s name and furnish the minor’s SSN.

payments made in the course of the requester’s trade or business for You must show your individual name on line 1, and enter your business rents, royalties, goods (other than bills for merchandise), medical and or DBA name, if any, on line 2. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if health care services (including payments to corporations), payments to you have one), but the IRS encourages you to use your SSN. a nonemployee for services, payments made in settlement of payment List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do card and third-party network transactions, payments to certain fishing not furnish the TIN of the personal representative or trustee unless the boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds paid to legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) attorneys (including payments to corporations). * Note: The grantor must also provide a Form W-9 to the trustee of the 5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of trust. secured property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program payments (under section 529), ABLE accounts (under section 529A), ** For more information on optional filing methods for grantor trusts, see IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or the Instructions for Form 1041. distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct Note: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification. number will be considered to be that of the first name listed.

## What Name and Number To Give the Requester Secure Your Tax Records From Identity Theft

| For this type of account:           | Give name and SSN of:                   | Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information,       |
| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1. Individual                       | The individual                          | such as your name, SSN, or other identifying information, without your   |
| other than an account maintained by | if combined funds, the first individual | your SSN to get a job or may file a tax return using your SSN to receive |
| an FFI                              | on the account                          | a refund.                                                                |

3. Two or more U.S. persons Each holder of the account To reduce your risk: (joint account maintained by an FFI) • Protect your SSN, 4. Custodial account of a minor The minor • Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and (Uniform Gift to Minors Act) • Be careful when choosing a tax return preparer. 5. a. The usual revocable savings trust The grantor-trustee (grantor is also trustee) If your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a notice from the IRS, respond right away to the name and phone number b. So-called trust account that is not The actual owner a legal or valid trust under state law printed on the IRS notice or letter.

6. Sole proprietorship or disregarded The owner If your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you entity owned by an individual think you are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable credit card activity, or a questionable credit report, contact the IRS 7. Grantor trust filing under Optional The grantor* Identity Theft Hotline at 800-908-4490 or submit Form 14039. Filing Method 1 (see Regulations section 1.671-4(b)(2)(i)(A))** For more information, see Pub. 5027, Identity Theft Information for Taxpayers.

Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a

## Privacy Act Notice

systemic problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) assistance. You can reach TAS by correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at 877-777-4778 or TTY/TDD file information returns with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 800-829-4059. certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid; the acquisition or abandonment of secured property; the cancellation of Protect yourself from suspicious emails or phishing schemes. debt; or contributions you made to an IRA, Archer MSA, or HSA. The Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file mimic legitimate business emails and websites. The most common act information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. is sending an email to a user falsely claiming to be an established Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities, states, the District of private information that will be used for identity theft. Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and territories for use in The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the administering their laws. The information may also be disclosed to other IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access and criminal laws, or to federal law enforcement and intelligence information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or not If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payors must forward this message to phishing@irs.gov . You may also report misuse generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividends, and of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payor. General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 800-366-4484. You can Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent forward suspicious emails to the Federal Trade Commission at information. spam@uce.gov or report them at www.ftc.gov/complaint . You can contact the FTC at www.ftc.gov/idtheft or 877-IDTHEFT (877-438-4338). If you have been the victim of identity theft, see www.IdentityTheft.gov and Pub. 5027. Go to www.irs.gov/IdentityTheft to learn more about identity theft and how to reduce your risk.